[CU-3q301nu] Get ED from CurrencyFactory (#2083)
ComposableFi/composable: rfcs/0009-asset-registry-existential-deposit-workflow.md

# Existential Deposit Values

## Abstract
---

This document is a review of the implementation and usage of Existential Deposit
values within our runtimes. This will review this maintainmance of ED values
from a code and SUDO/Governance prospective.

## Background
---

> Existential Deposits are the minimum value required of a balance to exists on

Reviewer: A link to what "Existential Deposits" mean would be nice here :)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Existential Deposits are the minimum balance required of an account to exist on
```

our chains. Given that different tokens will have different values, its 
necessary to have different Existential Deposit values for different tokens.

## Requirements
---

* Be able to define different Existential Deposit values for different

>   tokens.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  tokens in the native currency.
```

> * Have a predefined collection of well-known tokens that each have their

Reviewer: I think this is a technicality of the implementation to not have to define initial set, rather than a requirement, so we can possibly remove

  own Existential Deposit.
* SUDO/Governance must be able to overwrite the predefined Existential Deposit
  values without modifying the code.

> * Be able to add Existential Deposit for new tokens reconized by the chain.

Reviewer: I think this requirement is already covered by the first one.

Currently, we store the Existential Deposit of tokens within CurrencyFactory.
We need to implement a trait that allows us to retrieve this information from
Currency Factory.

To keep this in line with the already defined `CurrencyFactory` trait, we 
associate the `AssetId` and `Balance` types.

`code/parachain/frame/composable-traits/src/currency.rs`
```rust
pub trait AssetExistentialDepositInspect {
	type AssetId;
	type Balance;

	fn existential_deposit(asset_id: Self::AssetId) -> Result<Self::Balance, DispatchError>;
}
```

To minimize current and future refactoring, this trait is also implimented onto
Asset Registry as it acts as an interface for Currency Factory.

### Function `multi_existential_deposits`

We currently use the function `multi_existential_deposits` to get the ED of any
given token. In its current implementation, it will attempt to convert the ED of
our native token (`0.1` or `100_000_000_000`) and convert that into the 
equivilant value in the necessary token useing 
`PriceConverter::get_price_inverse`.

Instead of the current implimentation we want to resolve the ED of a token with 
the following alogrithim:

  Given some token ID, `currency_id`

>   1. Querey Currency Factory for the ED of `currency_id`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  1. Query Currency Factory for the ED of `currency_id`
```

  2. If not found in 1, attempt to match `currency_id` to our hard-coded ED 
     values
    
  3. If not found in 1 or 2, return the maximum value of the `Balance` type so

>      that unknown assets balances are not tracked

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     that unknown assets balances are not tracked as ED would be an impossible amount to have in an account.
```

    
The following implimentation acomplishes this:

`code/parachain/runtime/common/src/lib.rs`

```rust
pub fn multi_existential_deposits<
	AssetsRegistry: AssetRatioInspect<AssetId = CurrencyId>
		+ AssetExistentialDepositInspect<AssetId = CurrencyId, Balance = Balance>,
>(
	currency_id: &CurrencyId,
) -> Balance {
	AssetsRegistry::existential_deposit(*currency_id)

> 		.and_then(|ed| PriceConverter::<AssetsRegistry>::get_price_inverse(*currency_id, ed))

Reviewer: Can we add more detail on the conversion aspect? What algos are used and how those are updated?

Author: This function deserves its own RFC :sweat_smile: 
I'll try and give better details on it here though.

		.unwrap_or(match *currency_id {

> 			CurrencyId::USDT => 1492,

Reviewer: seems we are matching converted values here for each currency. I don't see the reason why any one of these would have a different ED after being converted to native currency. Could you explain?

Reviewer 2: yeas, indeed. It is possible to use ratios defined in BYOG. and map amount of ED for that formulas. ED -> ration -> ED or FEE -> ratio -> FEE. Same ratio coverter

Author: Additionally, these assets aren't in CF/AR and need to default to something without allowing for all assets (including unknown assets) to also default. Also a minor performance bump
